This week I continued to get familar with the team, the project and the mentors that would be helping us throughout the entirety of the program. I got introduced to my role and conducted a few research on python documentation and what is the expected outcome of the data. As a non tech major it started being a bit challenging and overwhelming for the most part, however my mentors were extremly helpful and tasked me with completing a few online task such as codecademy, kaggle, and other crash courses so help me get a deeper understanding of the python language and how it works.

We also got a new teammate which is nice because she provided new ideas and new perspectives to the project that really challenged our thoughts.

What I belived did not work in my favor during this week was the Technical writing session. Since there is a paper required at the en of the program Dr. Pandey is teacching the how to write the technical paper however, as a sociology and criminalogy major that has little to no experience in the I-EEE format I felt like I had to learn everything my own. I felt strongly about the workshop and felt like it was starting to become a waste of time. I felt like she was giving long winded explinations for things that could have been straightforward and direct. I started realizing that during the duration of the technical paper seminar, it started to become redundant and alot of the information was becoming repetitive. I started looking into research papers that were relevant to our project. 
